Address overhead concerns when sending 100% tx (#6790)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/performance/performance-at-scale/benefits-performance-at-scale.mdx

## Automatic Retention of High Quality Data

Sentry's retention priority features automatically identify and retain the highest quality transaction samples for your application at higher volumes. This allows you to scale up affordably without having to micromanage your SDK sampling configuration. Sentry will identify valuable samples to retain on your behalf, while also giving you the ability to specify the priorities that best fit your use case.

Sentry's retention priorities work best when you send high volumes of data. The more data you send, the more accurate a picture of your application we get. This makes it possible to make more precise data retention decisions and to detect and create new issues.

If possible, send us 100% of your data by setting your [tracesSampleRate](/platform-redirect/?next=/performance/) in the SDK to 1.0. Otherwise, the system will operate based on what it can see and will adapt automatically if you purchase more [Performance Units](/product/accounts/pricing/#performance-pricing).

> If you want to offset overhead, (with high-volume back-end applications, for example), you can set a lower value, or switch to using selective sampling and start filtering your transactions based on contextual data.

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to offset overhead, (with high-volume back-end applications, for example), you can set a lower value, or switch to sampling selectively by using the <PlatformIdentifier name="traces-sampler" /> to filter your transactions based on contextual data.
```

If you're using our retention priority features, Sentry automatically identifies and retains the highest quality transaction samples for your application at higher volumes. This allows you to scale up affordably without having to micromanage your SDK sampling configuration. We'll take care of picking valuable samples to retain on your behalf, while also giving you controls to express priorities that best fit your use case.

> Our retention priorities work best when you send us as much data as you can. The more a complete picture of your application we have, the better decisions we make on your behalf to retain data and detect and create new issues. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Sentry's retention priorities work best when you send high volumes of data. The more data you send, the more accurate a picture of your application we get. This makes it possible to make more precise data retention decisions and to detect and create new issues.

```
